Nmachado/mobilequickactions (#8507)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile/_index.md

**Note:** To set up or edit a dashboard, you need to [login to the Datadog browser app][9]. For more information, see [Dashboards][5].

## Quick Actions

{{< img src="mobile/quick_actions.png" alt="dashboard page">}}

> Long-press on your Datadog app icon to surface a quick-action sheet of your top dashboards. For iOS, access your top 5 “Frequently Viewed By Me” preset dashboards, and for Android, access your top 5 viewed dashboards on mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long-press on your Datadog app icon to surface a quick-action sheet of your top dashboards. On iOS, it shows your top five “Frequently Viewed By Me” preset dashboards. On Android, it shows your top five viewed dashboards on mobile.
```
